1436790/1438462: Part 22: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10430)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/endpoint-addresses.md

  
-   In code, create custom address headers by using the <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.AddressHeader> class, and then used in the construction of an <xref:System.ServiceModel.EndpointAddress>.  
  

> -   In configuration, custom [\<headers>](../../../../docs/framework/configure-apps/file-schema/wcf/headers.md) are specified as children of the [\<endpoint>](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/ms731320(v=vs.100)) element.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   In configuration, custom [\<headers>](../../configure-apps/file-schema/wcf/headers.md) are specified as children of the [\<endpoint>](../../configure-apps/file-schema/wcf/endpoint-of-client.md) element.  
```

  
-   In code, specify a custom listening address by adding a <xref:System.ServiceModel.Description.ClientViaBehavior> class to the endpoint’s behavior collection.  
  

> -   In configuration, specify a custom listening address with the `ListenUri` attribute of the service [\<endpoint>](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/ms731320(v=vs.100)) element.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   In configuration, specify a custom listening address with the `ListenUri` attribute of the service [\<endpoint>](../../configure-apps/file-schema/wcf/endpoint-element.md) element.  
```
